gh-105499: Merge typing.Union and types.UnionType (#105511)
python/cpython: Doc/library/functools.rst

      The :func:`register` attribute now supports using type annotations.

   .. versionchanged:: 3.11

>       The :func:`register` attribute now supports
>       and :class:`typing.Union` as type annotations.

Reviewer: Grammar got a little disjointed here with the edit
```suggestion
      The :func:`register` attribute now supports
      :class:`typing.Union` as a type annotation.
```
